IMP crm: update manage lost opps (#5888)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/crm/pipeline/lost_opportunities.rst

Manage lost opportunities
=========================

Not all opportunities result in successful sales. In order to keep the pipeline up to date, lost
opportunities need to be identified. Specifying the reason why an opportunity was lost provides
additional insight that can prove useful in future negotiations.

> Mark lead as lost

Author: spoke with sam, I think I am going to revert this back to "Mark a lead as lost"

Manage lost opportunities
=========================

Not all opportunities result in successful sales. In order to keep the pipeline up to date, lost
opportunities need to be identified. Specifying the reason why an opportunity was lost provides
additional insight that can prove useful for future opportunities.

Mark a lead as lost
===================

> To mark a lead as lost, open the :menuselection:`CRM` application, and select a lead from the
> pipeline, by clicking on its corresponding kanban card. Doing so reveals that lead's detail form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mark a lead as lost, open the :menuselection:`CRM app`, and select a lead from the pipeline, by
clicking on its corresponding kanban card. Doing so reveals that lead's detail form.
```

Then, click :guilabel:`Lost`, located at the top of the lead's detail form.

.. image:: lost_opportunities/lost-opps-lost-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Buttons from the top of an opportunity record with the lost button emphasized.

> This opens the :guilabel:`Lost Reason` popup. From the drop-down, choose an existing lost reason. If
> no applicable reason is available, create a new one by entering it into the :guilabel:`Lost Reason`
> field, and clicking :guilabel:`Create`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This opens the :guilabel:`Lost Reason` pop-up window. 

From the drop-down menu, choose an existing lost reason. If no applicable reason is available,
create a new one, by entering it into the :guilabel:`Lost Reason` field, and clicking
:guilabel:`Create`.
```

:guilabel:`Lost Reasons` page. Doing so reveals a new blank line in the :guilabel:`Description`
field. Then, proceed to type in the new lost reason in that new line. Once ready, click
:guilabel:`Save`.

Retrieve lost opportunities
===========================

To retrieve lost opportunities in Odoo *CRM*, open the :menuselection:`CRM app` to the main
:guilabel:`Pipeline` dashboard. Then, click the :guilabel:`Filters` drop-down menu, located beneath
the search bar.

.. image:: lost_opportunities/lost-opps-lost-filter.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Search bar with lost filter emphasized.

From the :guilabel:`Filters` drop-down menu, select the :guilabel:`Lost` option. Upon selecting
:guilabel:`Lost`, only the leads that have been marked as `Lost` appear on the :guilabel:`Pipeline`
page.

To filter leads by a specific lost reason, select :menuselection:`Filters --> Add Custom Filter`.
Doing so reveals another drop-down menu with three fields.

In the top field drop-down menu, select :guilabel:`Lost Reason`. In the second field drop-down menu,
select :guilabel:`Contains`. Then, in the third field of the :guilabel:`Add Custom Field` sub menu,

> type in the specific keyword(s). Lastly, click :guilabel:`Apply`. Upon clicking :guilabel:`Apply`,
> Odoo reveals all the lost leads with a reason that contains that specified keyword(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type in the specific keyword(s).

Lastly, click :guilabel:`Apply`. Upon clicking :guilabel:`Apply`, Odoo reveals all the lost leads
with a reason containing the specified keyword(s).
```

To create a new lost reason, or to edit an existing one, go to :menuselection:`Configuration -->
Lost Reasons`.

Click :guilabel:`Create` and enter the new lost reason in the :guilabel:`Description` field. Click
:guilabel:`Save`.

Click an existing lost reason to edit it, then click :guilabel:`Save`.

Retrieve lost opportunities
===========================

To retrieve lost opportunities, go to the pipeline and select :guilabel:`Lost` from the
:guilabel:`Filters` menu below the search bar. To filter by a specific lost reason, select
:menuselection:`Filters --> Add Custom Filter --> Lost Reason`.

.. image:: lost_opportunities/lost-opps-lost-filter.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Pipeline with Lost filter in the search bar.

Restore lost opportunities
==========================

To restore a lost opportunity, go to the :guilabel:`Pipeline` and select :guilabel:`Lost` from the
:guilabel:`Filters` drop-down under the search bar. Click on a kanban card to open an opportunity.
At the top of the page, click :guilabel:`Restore`.

.. image:: lost_opportunities/lost-opps-restore.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Lost opportunity with emphasis on the Restore button.

> To restore multiple opportunities at once, go to the :guilabel:`Pipeline` and switch to
> :guilabel:`List View`. Select the checkbox on the left of the page for each opportunity to be
> restored. Then, click the :guilabel:`Action` gear icon at the top of the list, and select
> :guilabel:`Unarchive` from the drop-down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restore multiple opportunities at once, navigate to the main :guilabel:`Pipeline` dashboard in
the *CRM* app, open the :guilabel:`Filters` drop-down menu, and select the :guilabel:`Lost` option.

Next, select the list view option, which is represented by the three-line :guilabel:`☰
list` icon in the upper-right corner. Doing so places all the leads from the :guilabel:`Pipeline`
page in a list form. With the list form chosen, select the checkbox to the left of each desired
opportunity/lead to be restored.

Once the desired opportunities/leads have been selected, click the :guilabel:`⚙️ Action` drop-down
menu at the top of the :guilabel:`Pipeline` page. From the :guilabel:`⚙️ Action` drop-down menu,
select :guilabel:`Unarchive`.

Doing so removes those selected lost opportunities from the :guilabel:`Pipeline` page because they
no longer fit into the `Lost` filter criteria. To reveal these newly-restored leads, delete the
`Lost` filter from the search bar.
```
